I'm really sorry
Go quickly, someone is beating up a mistress over there
Oh
As expected, there is no pure snowflake in this world
No man is good
Stop hitting, stop hitting
I really don't know who your husband is
Good hit
I saw the flirtatious messages between you and my husband
And you still deny it?
I can't believe
He and that fat girl haven't divorced yet
And now you're here
I told you I don't know who your husband is
And you still deny it?
The baby
Hey
Stop hitting
Are you her accomplice?
No,
I'm her enemy
Enemy?
She also seduced my husband
Oh?
Truly incorrigible
We're in the same situation
So why stop me?
She's pregnant
If you keep hitting her
you'll have blood on your hands
You're pregnant?